I'm sharing our B2B marketing Playbook
that we use at web choice so you can get
qualified inbound leads for your B2B
company on autopilot
hey I'm Sam Dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and host the top 100 B2B
marketing podcast business growth show
if you haven't yet check out my weekly
emails where I share actual website and
marketing tips podcasts goodies
resources and more give it a shot ever
at businessgrowth dot email so today I'm
going to be sharing the eight channels
we use at web choice to drive qualified
leads inbound on autopilot and so you
can do the same for your B2B SAS Tech or
service based company but not only am I
going to dive into the eight channels
I'm going to share exactly how you can
put them into play for your business to
ensure they actually get results grow
your bottom line and fuel your sales
team of qualified leads the eight
channels we're going to be diving into
are your website which is basically the
foundation the base of all of this SEO
search engine optimization paid review
sites we're doing LinkedIn organic
content podcast referral partners email
list and then lastly experiments so
let's jump in so first up we have got
your website and this is the foundation
of your business essentially this is
where most of your marketing and your
advertising efforts are going to send
people so you better be damn sure that
it's going to work hard to build trust
and drive qualified inbound
opportunities to your sales team it's
essentially your very best salesperson
it's Live 24 7. 365 days a year so it
can either work super well or super
at so let's make sure you get it right
so a few key things when it comes to
your website is when you're building it
or when you're updating it needs to load
fast so typically you want your website
to load in two or three seconds so it's
not gonna annoy people if they're
clicking a Google organic listing or if
they're clicking an ad or finding on
social whatever it needs to load nice
and quickly essentially it needs to pass
something called the grunt test so as
soon as someone lands on your website
they should know exactly what you do
how you help and how to learn more or
get in touch within a couple seconds of
landing on your home page so you to
clearly Define exactly what you offer or
the problem you fix how it helps people
maybe have some social proof some
testimonials reviews and such and then
guide people to either book that demo
book a call or learn more or explore
your services further so the whole part
of this above the fold before people
scroll part on the home pages to kind of
give people that little taster get them
give them that clear understanding and
prompt them to dive in to learn more
common mistakes people make with B2B
websites is they design for themselves
so they're designed for their own ego or
their team's ego or their CEOs ego
rather than crafting their website for
idle clients
because ultimately it doesn't matter too
much what you want to see it matters
about these Target clients we want to
attract and do business with so we need
to make sure we're designing it around
them so I have got some useful resources
that dive into this in a lot more detail
if you search for either on your podcast
Channel or on YouTube direct for Sam
Dunning seven must-have B2B website
pages I dive into the main Pages which I
believe make a B2B website after it
interviewing hundreds of marketing and
Business Leaders and those tend to be
home
about
service Pages pricing page
contact page and then the thank you page
I mean essentially to give you a
snapshot people want to go onto your
website clearly understand what you do
how you help problem you fix check
results so see proof that you've helped
other clients achieve the results they
want to get check your pricing check
your within budget and they can afford
what you do and then reach out to sell
so book a demo or book a quote or
whatever that step of your sales
processes another useful video of
podcasts you can check out is called
build a powerful lead gen website
step-by-step guide so if you search for
build a powerful Legion website
step-by-step guide Sam Dunning you'll
find that video or that podcast where
I'd guide you through how you can
research and design sites to attract
ideal clients some of those key Pages
how you can do really good customer
research I can build out the key Pages
making sure it's mobile tablet and
desktop friendly and also making sure
your website actually builds trust and
converts effectively
so those are a few best practices for
your B2B site and with that let's jump
into the next one so number two we've
got SEO search engine optimization
getting your website to that
all-important top spot in Google's first
page on their organic non-paid listings
so you can ramp up that trust that brand
most importantly website traffic and if
your website can convert well then those
inbound sales opportunities so web
Choice we've got a bunch of keywords on
page one so for example web development
company we're up near the top
B2B SAS web development we're right at
the top page one
and SAS SEO Solutions we're right near
the top as well as well as well as a
bunch of other relevant web and SEO ones
so
there's a few main ways that you can
really nail SEO
and one of the kind of core initial
things you do is keyword research so if
you want to know more about keyword
research we've got a bunch of videos on
the YouTube or on the podcast if you
check past episodes but some main things
to consider are that the core focus
should be the high intent Search terms
so in our case that might be web
development company B2B SAS web
development SAS SEO Solutions like I
just shared what are those High intent
keywords that your prospects will search
ideally long term long tail rather so if
someone types it they need your service
right there right now I X is the offer
company
so that might be best proposal tool best
proposal solution or
best sales enablement tool whatever is
super relevant targeted and specific to
your offer so going after those first as
bottom of the funnel opportunities and
then also thinking of things higher in
the sales funnel so if people have
questions around your offer if there's
common problems that get brought up on
sales conversations also going for those
that are slightly higher slightly
earlier in the sales process and
thinking about how you can attack those
with your content
so now in keyword research usually comes
first then making sure you're building
out your website so you're building
dedicated pages so rather than trying to
send everything to a home page you're
having a dedicated page for each of your
main Services each of your main key
features a page for each of the main key
Geographic locations and essentially
building out your website to be as
useful resource is possible to your
target prospects so they can find what
they need nice and quickly it answers
their questions around the offer it
handles objections it shares pricing if
relevant it builds social proof reviews
testimonials case studies video client
reviews accreditations on different
review sites and all that good stuff and
of course has clear call to actions you
want to do solid technical SEO so making
sure the website loads quickly making
sure it works smoothly on mobile tablet
PC you're doing good technical SEO with
your heading tags your metadata your
page titles your image alt tags
following best practices all around
and then once you've got what's called
good on-page SEO that I've just ran
through there then you're also building
links so with SEO if you're in a very
Niche category you could rank your
target Search terms nice and quickly
because there's not many competitors but
if you're in quite a competitive space
the chances are you're going to need to
build quality backlinks to juice up
effectively these pages
some quick ways to build backlinks are
building Partnerships building content
with complementary companies you can
also guest on podcasts and then build
out relationships build up articles
together and get links back to yourself
and of course many companies still pay
for Quality links but like I say there's
a lot of other videos on the channel
around building links on-page SEO and
keyword research so be sure to check
them out but organic SEO the reason it's
so great the reason we love it so much
and we do it for our clients and
ourselves is like I say over time it
will build up your credibility build up
your web traffic it means you might be
able to lower your ad spend and you can
attract high value prospects for those
key Services you actually want to drive
inbound for coming in at number three
we've got review sites so if you've
never come across these before we use
one called clutch clutch.co they are
super good for tech service based
companies but if you're in the SAS space
you might use one called G2 you might
use one called Capt Terror well there's
another one called trust trust radius so
there's a bunch of ones in the tech SAS
and service space and the reason these
are good is because they aggregate so
many companies they're so full they're
basically a huge directory aggregator
they have a ton of content a ton of
resources so they rank super well on
Google so for example with clutch if you
Google web design company these guys are
just under position one so they rank
super well they get a ton of traffic and
the reason a lot of companies like ours
and service tech SAS companies go onto
these sites is because you can have a
free listing but if you pay for a
sponsored listing so you get put near
the top of these rankings companies will
find you they'll find you through SEO
searches they'll send you to the site
and essentially it drives a ton of
traffic to your website
um meaning you can drive inbound on the
basis that your website can convert so
this gets us pretty much a lead or so a
day we currently spend at the time of
recording I think it's around 2K USD per
month to drive this additional source of
traffic to our site but they're also
good for building trust so we send a lot
of our clients once we've done a good
job on their project to leave us a
detailed review
and so you can see we've got 25 or so
reviews so we can check out case studies
look at detailed reviews look at some of
our work so these sites like I mentioned
clutch G2 captera or truss radio so
there might be another one that's
relevant to your B2B sector are great
because you can build trust with the
reviews but you can get super good
Google rankings you can get a ton of
traffic to your site if you pay for
those sponsored opportunities so it's
worth speaking to one of their reps
speaking to perhaps friends or contacts
that are on these seeing the value
they're getting out of there because
they can be a great additional way to
drive traffic and inbound at number four
we've got LinkedIn so if you're in B2B
you should be on LinkedIn there's no
excuses it is the biggest social media
platform for B2B the organic reach of
the posts the content you put out is
still stupidly good it's an awesome
Place speaking from experience to build
interest in your offer build trust build
your personal Brand Build Partnerships
with other companies that you can work
with on collaborating on projects and
drive inbound opportunities and promote
your stuff whether that is your services
whether it is your podcast whether it's
something else so let me share a few
best practices and guide you to a couple
other resources that might be of use so
one of the main things to that I
recommend doing first when you get on
LinkedIn is sorting out your profile
page
and essentially thinking of your profile
as a lead Magnet or a landing page so
just a few best practices is setting up
your banner so it has a call to action
maybe your website link maybe it says
exactly what you do so R says custom
websites and SEO strategies that
generate leads and sales DM me to learn
more than a picture of my ugly mug then
we've got a profile picture having a
professional picture of yourself it's
smart and you've got your name and a
tagline so I just put co-owner at web
voice and explain what we do and moving
down you've got a featured section so
this is where I recommend you put a link
to your website and a podcast or a guide
so people can quickly flip to that
and you've also got a new thing just
under your name just under your name
tagline where you can put another CTA
another call to action so again you can
put a link to your website uh book a
cool page or maybe a podcast or whatever
resource you want to send people to
and then you've got the about section so
the about section is really where you
want to put the copy and build outright
landing page so I focus on the problem
that we fix so in our case a frustrated
competitors are above you on Google
organic search is your website failing
to convert are you tired of competitors
stealing your reach and your clients
from Google let's fix that and I share
how our services attack that so perhaps
leading with a problem you fix how your
services fix those problems maybe
sharing a link to reviews or a
testimonial and then at the bottom call
to actions are how people can actually
reach out so those are a few simple and
then lastly on your page you can have
some client testimonials those are just
a few quick Snappy basics
but I do have a detailed guide so if you
search Sam Dunning how to generate
inbound leads on LinkedIn simple
three-step process that's how to
generate inbound leads on LinkedIn
simple three-step process type in my
name Sam Dunning you'll find that
YouTube video summary in depth and guide
now a few other things once you've
sorted out your profile if you're new to
LinkedIn post and comment might posting
content might not be the best move so
what you probably want to do to actually
build up some kind of following is
commenting on the feed so using the
Search tool to find
potential clients potential prospects
connecting with other industry leaders
and essentially trying to steal some
reach on their posts so whether you
comment on their post with an idea an
Insight a thought A New Perspective or
your opinion on something so over time
the whole point of kind of content and
commenting these strategies are to drive
people to your landing page
um so people can actually check out what
you do and then eventually when they're
ready get in touch things to consider
LinkedIn is is a long game so it can
take months to build up your credibility
you do want to start by finding relevant
people that you can connect with
whether they are prospects whether they
are in a similar industry that you can
add comments to and then once you're
ready one of the main ways to as well as
commenting in the feed is to actually
post content so actually this is where
in my opinion anyway the riches are in
the niches so going Niche so in my case
I share daily tips on websites and SEO
whether that is stories whether it is
answering common questions I get on
sales calls whether it's Clips to a
business growth Show podcast
whether that is funny memes that are
relevant to sem websites whether it's
best practices talking about experiments
or running all those kind of things I
share day in day out with image posts
text only posts
um with video posts and more so each
time people are seeing me in the feed
they're getting reminded of what I do
and as and when they're ready to discuss
a project you're top of mind so that's
one of the way main things I think of
LinkedIn staying top of mind so if
people are constantly seeing your
content each day and you're providing
something of use whether that's
Entertainment whether that's education
or value
you are staying top of mind so when they
need your service they should check you
out and reach out to you but yeah like I
say check out how to generate inbound
leads on LinkedIn simple three-step
process that's a much more in-depth
video and podcast that will give you
some ideas in at five we've got
podcasting so podcasting not only is it
great fun not only is it a great
learning curve especially with my
podcast business growth show B2B
marketing and demand generation podcast
it's also a great way to build trust
credibility and drive inbound over time
which we'll dive into a few best
practices I've found is to keep the
title relevant to the niche that you
operate in and also include those
keywords in the title reason being is it
helps it get found by prospects that
might be searching for a podcast in your
industry so you can actually get
searched and found by people so that's
why I've got business growth show then
The Hyphen B2B marketing and demand
generation podcast so it's easy for
people to actually find it so there's
two plays that you can do with your
podcast
so one play is to use it as almost a
legion tool so you can invite potential
clients that you want to do business
with perhaps from Target accounts maybe
prospects that in the sales pipeline
already or maybe existing clients that
you want to expand their accounts with
so it's a great relationship Builder
so you can invite them onto the show
perhaps to a 30 minute episode and you
can talk about their area of expertise
obviously ask them insightful questions
do a great show and after it's done you
can send them a guest kit maybe it's got
artwork for the show maybe it's got
promotional video clips it's got the
links to the episode on YouTube Apple
podcast Spotify
Etc so you've built up that relationship
and then maybe when you finish recording
you just say something simple like yeah
keep in touch for X service if you ever
want to discuss it let me know or maybe
you ask them a question how are you
handling X today and if they say oh it's
actually something we're not considering
or maybe it's something we're interested
in doing next quarter then you can say
would it make sense to have a call so
just something subtle something
simple like that can be a great way to
get your foot in the door and build
relationships with Target prospects the
other way you can do it so I do the the
episode route with our show and also do
the solo episode route so with solo
episodes what you can do is basically
showcase thought leadership towards
yourself or your brand so talk about
your area of expertise so in our case I
do episodes on common questions we get
around websites and SEO but you can do
the same for common questions in your
industry
um FAQs common problems people come to
us with and also a bit like today's
playbooks and experiments so over time
it's building that credibility it's
showing that you know what you're
talking about and over time people will
reach out for projects if you think of
it a long-term mindset a quick way we do
ours is guest episodes we record with a
tool called stream yard
so record them live on LinkedIn and then
we produce them for YouTube the audio
podcast channels Apple Spotify Etc we
chop them up into video clips so our
producer does that and we also make
artwork so there's a ton of replay value
so you can get them not only on YouTube
in the podcast channels but you can
repurpose them with the video clips
under a minute for YouTube shorts for
tick tocks for social media so posting
on LinkedIn as well as your guests doing
a blog post and doing a transcript so
there's a ton of replay value with the
podcast not only is it a great business
tool to build credibility build brand
Drive inbound over time but it's also
really good for repurposing future
content ideas and more so yeah certainly
recommend that as one for your B2B Co in
at six we've got referral Partners now
this is something I overlooked for many
many years but having partners in
complementary Industries so not direct
competitors but any complimentary
companies that can supplement what you
do so to give your example web choice We
tend to focus on B2B web design and
development
seo let me do some paid Searcher that's
what that's our Focus we don't want to
deter too far from that because that's
our core offering what we're great at
what we drive results therefore anyone
that asks for things outside that we try
to build out Partners we can refer them
to that we trust that we know that we
like that can do a good job and in
return to those Partners we ask them to
send anything outside of their remit
that we do our way
so for example if anyone asks me about
LinkedIn ads or whenever I think it's a
good fit to a prospect or an existing
client and they bring up LinkedIn ads I
will recommend a company called
impactable I know the SEO posts a ton on
LinkedIn a guy called Justin Rowe
recommend following him on LinkedIn
plays good stuff on LinkedIn ads as well
as a guy called JD anyway so whenever
someone lends into LinkedIn ads I do a
direct intro to them on email if the
client or prospects happy with it and
likewise whenever they speak to someone
needing websites SEO or paid search they
send them to us and likewise we do
similar for people needing video work
and other areas so think about all those
areas that could complement your
business
you can research people on LinkedIn
there's a bunch of other channels
perhaps you've already got existing
clients prospects friends contact
contacts and more to find out those
Services because it's essentially free
leads free growth and that's the thing
with with a B2B business you want to
think about all these free areas that
you can tap into to
drive more clients drive more business
drive more growth and referral Partners
is something like I said I overlooked
for many years to have a good think
about that start putting in a plan to
tap these clap these up make the
connections and in the next six 12
months you'll see some decent growth
from that just like we have
in at number seven we've got building an
email list so this is something I
started probably about a year or so from
the time of recording now and in terms
of how we've actually built the list
there's a few ways one was when I was
speaking to prospects on calls I'd ask
literally if you wanted to join the list
where I send a couple emails a week with
actionable website SEO B2 marketing tips
um secondly which has been quite useful
I'll dive into in a sec is when any
prospects in the sales pipeline that
didn't go ahead for whatever reason I'd
add them on to the list or thirdly it
was from a guide that we put out a while
ago called the no BS guide to website
Legion that's the no BS guide to website
Legion it's when someone downloads that
guide we explain they'll be added to the
weekly email list
in terms of what I send out there's a
few things kind of actionable tips
website SEO if I have good performing
LinkedIn posts I'll tweak those a bit
add a bit to them and send those out and
also new podcast episodes I'll put a
quick description and an image a few
things I found useful on emails to make
sure they actually hit the Inbox and
don't get flagged as spam as much is to
go for plain text where you can I try to
only include one image and only one Link
in the email itself whether that's to a
page to a contact form depending
whatever I'm trying to do with them most
of my emails are value based and guiding
people to a podcast episode I.E a recent
episode on the show that we run however
that's sharing a valuable tip a new
insight and experiment running and the
other thing is you need to have an
unsubscribe Link in the footer so yeah
that's just a couple things I found
useful in terms of actually business
generated how I found it's been most
effective is as a reminder so as I
mentioned prospects I've talked to or
perhaps didn't buy at the time added to
the list over time they're reminded of
what we do we're being educational being
helpful we're trying to be entertaining
at the same time so reminder what we do
and if they do need our services in the
future they reach out so I've had a
couple deals go over the line just from
reminding people a couple times a week
and staying top of Mind there if you
want to check out my email list it's
businessgrowth.email at number eight the
last strategy is running experiments
this is something that's actually really
fun to do that I find and the reason
it's worthwhile is because if you keep
your business marketing on a straight
line if you just keep doing the same
things that you're doing what's to say
that one channel might drop whether
that's maybe all your business comes
from LinkedIn but the organic reach
suddenly drops or the algorithm changes
maybe Google ads shift the goal posts
and your ad results starting to go down
or your SEO rankings tank or whatever
happens if you're experimenting with new
channels maybe every month or every
couple of months you've got resources
you've got some budget assigned to that
you can see what channels work and then
increase those after an experiment of
three six or nine months
and you can drop and learn most
importantly from the ones that don't
there's always takeaways to be had so
for example web Choice I'm experimenting
with YouTube shorts at the moment and
I'm also repurposing them onto Tick Tock
to give that a good six month or so
experiment it's not really any extra
work as I just chop up solo episodes on
the podcast or guest episodes and stick
those on to the shorts with our producer
we're also trialing cold email with
company at the moment to see how that
goes over a couple months and we're also
trialling cold outbound to cold cooling
again to see if the time investment
plays out against the return so yeah
setting some resource and some budget to
experiment on new channels and you want
to go in with a hypothesis if you want
to say look the chances are our Target
B2B clients are hanging out or using
this Channel or receptive to this
channel we think we can achieve X within
three six nine months setting a
dedicated idea of what you think the
outcomes will be
setting a dedicated time frame budget
and amount of resource to it and then
going in with some ideas of what
positive signals look like I If we get a
decent amount of views if we get some
good feedback maybe if you start a
podcast and you get some good feedback
from your ideal clients maybe you post
the video clips of the podcast on
LinkedIn you get some nice comments
saying this was interesting or I learned
this and you're getting good feedback
and then signals with the podcast might
be after six months you've released one
episode a week and you've got a couple
inbound inquiries from the people
enjoying your solo episodes or a couple
demo requests and you know that that's a
strong signal too keep it running so
yeah
set some time set some resourceful
budget for the experiments as they can
be super super beneficial to keep your
business growing and there you have it
if you enjoyed this new style of content
where we share what we're up to our
experiments our results so you can learn
it and put it into play for yourself let
me know drop me a message on LinkedIn
just search for Sam Dunning or drop me
an email direct hello at
webchoiceuk.com and then perhaps in the
future I could share experiments we're
running in detail I could share openly
our Revenue numbers and what we're
planning in terms of growth and how it's
going and any other ideas you guys want
to see so with that drop us a quick
rating or review on Apple podcast if you
did enjoy or click subscribe on YouTube
goes a long way I'll catch you on the
next one cheers